Md Mostafizur Rahaman
 Email: bsse1320@iit.du.ac.bd 
Github: MdMostafizurRahaman 
EDUCATION
 Cell Phone: +8801517809545 
LinkedIn: Md. Mostafizur Rahaman
 Dr. Muhammad Shahidullah Hall, University of Dhaka
 University of Dhaka 
BSc in Software Engineering  
(CGPA(upto 5th semester) 3.48/4.00)Last semester 3.83          
PROJECTS
 Chuadanga Govt’ College, Chuadanga
 HSC GPA: 5.00
 Gomoku Game AI: React.js(Gomoku-AI )
 Developed a 10x10 Gomoku game with AI versus player functionality. The AI makes optimal moves, considering 
winning conditions and preventing overline situations. Turn-based gameplay allows the player to compete against 
the AI. Added player vs AI functionality to enhance the game experience.
 Stack Over Flow: React.js Node.js, MongoDB, Express.js (stack overflow)
 Built a MERN-based app with user registration, login, post management, and JWT authentication. Added 
notification cleanup and MinIO for code snippet storage, transitioning to a distributed setup.
 IPOS: React.js Node.js, MongoDB, Express.js (IPOS SPL-ll)
 Developed a web application to streamline the internship placement process for BSSE 4th-year students, with 
company listings and student applications. Designed a RESTful backend for managing CVs, skillsets, CGPA, and 
interview allocations, along with email notifications and formal letter generation for HR.
 Chat Server:  C++( Chat server SPL1)
 Developed a mini messenger app with user registration, secure password encryption, and login system with retry 
limits. Enabled user connectivity for individual and group chats, and ensured data security by encrypting all 
transmitted data with AES.
 AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENT
 ● District Champion at Creative Talent Hunt Competition (Math & Computer).
 ● National Champion at Bangladesh Red Crescent Society (Essay Writing).
 ACTIVITIES AND LEADERSHIP
 Competitive Programming Contest
 Participated in 50+ programming contests on platforms like CodeForces, LeetCode, HackerRank, and CodeChef.
 Solved over 600 problems across various platforms.
 ICT and Database Management Associate
 Student Promotion & Support Unit, University of Dhaka(May 2024 - December 2024)
 Collaborated with a team to offer part-time placement services, talent acquisition, and skill development 
programs for students. Optimized ICT and database management systems to enhance service delivery and create 
more opportunities for students.
 SKILLS
  Language: C, C++, JavaScript, Java (in order of proficiency)
 Technology / Tools: Git, React, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Github, HTML, CSS, Sqlite3, Kali Linux, WireShark